rework the community section of the website (#3338)
facebook/react-native-website: website/community/staying-updated.md

---
title: Staying up to date
description: The React Native Community
wrapperClassName: 'community-staying-updated-page'
---

### News

Twitter is one of the main communication channels used by the team to communicate updates, news and request for participation: follow the [React Native account](https://twitter.com/reactnative) to stay up to date - the [ReactJS account](https://twitter.com/reactjs) covers both React and React Native.

For long form news and announcements, keep an eye on the [blog](blog) to find out what is happening in the world of React Native.

### Discussions and efforts

> React Native is a dynamic framework, and its release cycle leaves the door open for discussing how it can evolve at every step of the way.

Reviewer: Some potential simplification

```suggestion
React Native is a dynamic framework and there is always room for improvement. As an open source framework, large-scale coordination and discussion should remain publicly accessible. Here are some dedicated discussion groups you can participate in: 
```
